Why did you unreasonably bully my junior brother?
This is retribution
He Xiaoze, am I right?
You only have 10 minutes.
Impossible you wolf
I am Master He
Chosen Son
How could you be such a
The hillbilly got defeated
Impossible I don't believe it
Impossible to fuck
He went crazy. He changed his mind.
He's really crazy.
So scary crazy
Since you are crazy
Then send it to a mental hospital and take it away
That's not possible.
Li Xian
I'm so tired.
Brother Chen Boss Liang
Sorry for the trouble here.
I'll leave the matter here to you first
I'll take the itinerary to the hospital
What about sister-in-law?
What are you doing?
Ye Xian during my hospitalization
The three of us have negotiated it.
If the three of us chase you at the same time, who would you choose?
OK
Kids make choices.
You three
All